    Same as before, one may generate the object of rotation
    by left-clicking the top canvas, and finish on a right-click. One one is done designing the curve, they may generate the SOR
    with the "Create Surface of Rotation" button. 
    
    The SOR is no longer a simple wireframe, although that option can still be selected with the "Enable Wireframe Rendering"
    toggle. The color of the SOR can be customized in the given sliders boxes, with the amount of red, green, and blue used for
    the base color able to be chosen from 0 to 255 for their respective hex values. All 0's (leftmost) is pure black 
    (with no shading beyond pitch black visible), and all 255's (rightmost) is all white. The SOR in the upper canvas can be rotated slightly
    for greater context.
    
    Once the SOR has been generated and the color selected, an instance of the SOR may be inserted into the lower "world" canvas 
    through the usage of the "Insert SOR into World" button, at default positioning and a smaller scale. Using the sliders below,
    the object may be fully transformed, (scaled, rotated & transformed) along the canvas. New instances with potentially different
    colors may be created by clicking the same aformentioned button. In the case of multiple objects existing
    at once, they may be selected by typing in their ordering value in the textbox (first object inserted has a value of 0,
    second has a value of 1, etc). Sliders will automatically adjust to represents a newly selected object's current value.

    Alternativley, one may click the canvas to select the closest SOR (if one clicks close enough to it's orogion),
    and move it around while holding down left click. This adjustment is worth 10 extra credit points from the bonus section.<br>

    Note: Rendering is more unstable in the upper "example" canvas than the lower "world"
    canvas. Please consider the functionality and appearances of the lower canvas for the purposes of grading, which is fully functional.
    The upper is more of a bonus example to give the user greater context on the object before fully implimenting it in the second canvas.

    Note2: Dear graders, I would very much like to enter the contest for scenes created with our implimentations of this program!
    I will be entering the minimalist human I have created, a photo of which can be seen within the "CSE160 prog2-3.PNG" image 
    available from the photos folder. Thank you very much!